Various docs fixes (#592)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/faqs.md

simulations](@ref) section. Leaving this keyword out for systems with floating
point stoichiometry will give an error message.

> For a more extensive documentation of non-integer stoichiometric coefficients, pelase read the [Symbolic Stochiometries](@ref parametric_stoichiometry) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more extensive documentation of using non-integer stoichiometric coefficients, please see the [Symbolic Stochiometries](@ref parametric_stoichiometry) section.
```
